hello welcome to the hair rehab with
Kirby Collins this is my model Leticia
and today I'm going to be demonstrating
to you how to do and I'll do a long
curly hair first thing what we're going
to do is we are going to part the hair
into two ponytails now I've already done
that for you as you can see in the back
there's a lot of hair I have part of the
hair in two ponytails so we're going to
get our two ponytails first the next
thing we're going to do is we're going
to take a wide tooth comb and we're
going to part the hair on the side so
let's get that hair out of the way on
the side and it does not have to be a
huge amount but it doesn't need to be
too small either and we're going to do
that for both sides now after we get our
hair parted for both sides this is what
it should look like you should have a
chunk of hair in the middle if you need
to have to medium partings on the side
after we do that what we're going to do
is we're going to take this part of the
hair in the middle and we're going to
pull this up and we're going to spray
with some hairspray not too much not too
much but just enough
just to keep everything in place we're
going to take this part of the hair and
we're going to slightly take it back and
we're going to push it forward when we
push it forward we're going to turn it
and push it forward again so now it's
not so big but it has a nice hump to it
and then we're just going to blend that
part of the hair in with our two
ponytails then we're going to pin away
so we're going to pin it very secure so
that the ponytail could not be seen and
we can use as many pins is needed use as
many pins as you are comfortable with
now her hair seems to be pretty secure
remember you don't want to take away
from the hump so now her hair is pretty
secure so what we're going to do is
we're going to take all right side
parting we're going to give it a little
spray we're going to take our comb and
comb it through really nice and then
we're just going to bring it over and
now what you can do to add a little
flares you can you can twist it and you
can just bring it over I personally
would like to twist it so we're just
going to bring it over we're going to
pin it up
now now we're going to do the same thing
for the other side we're going to take
our side parting we're going to give it
a little spray I'm going to comb it
through a really good going to give it a
good nice twist and we're going to pin
it into our ponytail now to hide these
side parties we're just going to
slightly tuck them into our previous
ponytails there you go a simple updo for
long curly hair thank you so much for
tuning in be sure to look for some
upcoming tips from the hair rehab
Oh